Arrow to the Moon
Art and Canada’s Indian Residential Schools
Broadcasting Act
Broken Circle: The Dark Legacy of Indian Residential Schools: A Memoir
Crimes Against Humanity
Child Prisoners
Constitution Act, 1867
Constitution Act, 1982
Criminal Code
Discover Canada
Finding My Talk: How Fourteen Native Women Reclaimed Their Lives after Residential School
FrontRunners
Giniigaaniimenaaning
Haida Nation v. British Columbia (Minister of Forests)
Historic Sites and Monuments Act
Interim Report
Indian Act
Indian Horse
Joinet-Orentlicher Principles
Juvenile Delinquents Act
Kiss of the Fur Queen
Kuper Island: Return to the Healing Circle
Looking Ahead
Manitoba Act
Manitoba Métis Nation Inc. v. Canada (Attorney General)
Muffins for Granny
My Heart Shook Like a Drum: What I Learned at the Indian Mission Schools, Northwest Territories
Older Than America
Our Legacy, Our Hope
Our Truth: The Youth Perspective on Residential Schools
Out of the Depths: The Experiences of Mi’kmaw Children at the Indian Residential School at Shubenacadie, Nova Scotia
Porcupines and China Dolls
Public Schools Act
R. v. Gladue
R. v. Ipeelee
R. v. Sparrow
Report of the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline Inquiry
Report of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples
S.L. v. Commission scolaire des Chênes
Schools of Shame
Speaking My Truth: Reflections on Reconciliation and Residential Schools
Speaking to Memory: Images and Voices from the St. Michael’s Residential School
They Called Me Number One: Secrets and Survival at an Indian Residential School
Tsilhqot’in Nation v. British Columbia
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
Up Ghost River: A Chief’s Journey through the Turbulent Waters of Native History
Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
United Nations Declaration
We Were Children
“We were so far away …”: The Inuit experience of residential schools.
Where are the Children? Healing the Legacy of the Residential Schools
Where the Blood Mixes
Where the Spirit Lives
Youth Criminal Justice Act
